README.md, before:

# Fog::Serverlove

![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/fog-serverlove.svg) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fog/fog-serverlove.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fog/fog-serverlove) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/fog/fog-serverlove.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/fog/fog-serverlove) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/fog/fog-serverlove.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/fog/fog-serverlove?branch=master) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/fog/fog-serverlove/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/fog/fog-serverlove)

Module for the 'fog' gem to support ServerLove

## Help Needed

This gem needs a maintainer. If you want to work on it, please contact
[@geemus](mailto:geemus@gmail.com) or [@plribeiro3000](mailto:plribeiro3000@gmail.com)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'fog-serverlove'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install fog-serverlove

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/fog/fog-serverlove/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Update README.md with archived notice.

README.md, after:

# ARCHIVED

We have archived this repository as to the best of our knowledge this service is no longer in operation.

# Fog::Serverlove

![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/fog-serverlove.svg) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fog/fog-serverlove.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fog/fog-serverlove) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/fog/fog-serverlove.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/fog/fog-serverlove) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/fog/fog-serverlove.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/fog/fog-serverlove?branch=master) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/fog/fog-serverlove/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/fog/fog-serverlove)

Module for the 'fog' gem to support ServerLove

## Help Needed

This gem needs a maintainer. If you want to work on it, please contact
[@geemus](mailto:geemus@gmail.com) or [@plribeiro3000](mailto:plribeiro3000@gmail.com)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'fog-serverlove'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install fog-serverlove

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/fog/fog-serverlove/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
